Welcome to Family Hour here on the Yahowah
blog.
We've got our whole contingent back today
up there in the top here in the
U.S.
Virgin Islands.
We have Kevin.
How are you this fine day?
Doing well, doing well.
Beautiful day outside.
Last time I talked with you,
it was Sunday and we were doing a
vlog on the vlog.
I hope we can do another one this
coming Sunday.
There's so much out in the news to
talk about.
You said it was a balmy,
seventy some odd degrees there in
Missouri.
Yes, it was.
We had a good three days and then
it was nineteen.
Oh, ouch.
That's not good.
I hate it when it goes up and
down like that.
You can't get used to one or the
other,
but it gets to be much after a
while.
Okay.
Excuse me.
What do you want to come up?
Okay.
Whoa.
Wow.
Look at the look.
Oh,
I think what he wants is my cappuccino.
Anyway, Dr. Jeff, you're at home.
You're not in the ER today,
which means this is going to be a
little easier environment for you.
You're wearing your Shannon shirt, too.
Absolutely.
It says, yeah, but it's a Shannon shirt.
Shannon may have to go and update his
shirts now that we have a new...
ancient Hebrew font.
We have a Yada Towrah font.
I don't know how many of you have
had a chance to check that out,
but we are now replete with it.
You have, haven't you, Captain Kirk?
Yeah, sure.
You know that now it's actually on the
site itself.
We've got a couple of tweaks still to
do on it.
The Roche is still a bit too fussy,
trying to convey the idea of eyes to
see and ears to hear and a human
head.
So we're going to try to defussy it
just a touch.
So it's a little more like a letter.
But what we used was the primarily...
that led tablet from the Exodus,
so it dates back to the fourteenth century
BCE.
It was right at the conclusion of the
Exodus,
and it had so many of the letters,
and some of these letters were presented
very differently than what we had seen in
the old text that we had been using.
And so we just tried to update it
for that purpose.
And the old text was not professionally
created,
which means that the heights of the
letters,
the widths of the letters were wildly
inconsistent.
The spacing between letters was wildly
Just a whole lot of things that made
it exceedingly difficult to use.
If you used a space bar,
you'd go halfway across the page.
And so every time I would use it,
I would be presenting one letter in an
eight point and the next letter in
fourteen point.
So they would work well together.
So they were just in completely different
styles.
So we we spent a couple of weeks
studying everything we could find.
terms of old scripts there actually is an
Egyptian script that's very similar to it
there's a Phoenician script that's quite
similar a Moabite script that's similar
and of course old traces of a hebrew
script all the same alphabet obviously
same twenty two letters all drawn
remarkably similar so we just tried to
update them for what we had had seen
so did we give a get a thumbs
up from our artist
Well, I think so.
Yes.
It's really nice.
Yeah.
It's a nice step forward.
And JB,
we now know that you're never going to
miss a show again.
Yeah, there he is.
Yeah.
So you've gone to a place without snow
up there on the moon.
beating the Artemis mission later this
month.
That was a good sign.
For those that don't know,
JB and family took a road trip up
the interstate from Texas to Minnesota.
And coming back in Iowa,
they hit a blizzard of all blizzards and
decided that they would park their car in
a ditch on the side of the interstate.
Not even interstate,
on the side of a middle-of-nowhere road.
Oh, really?
Even worse.
OK.
Stayed there for a while and had to
be fixed so that it would all work
for you when you when you got it
back.
So, you know,
we're glad to have you shut down the
interstate.
Yeah.
Oh, my.
Yes.
And that's amazing that we can get that
much snow.
We have snowplow,
snowplow and other issues here, too,
from from time to time,
although those times are fairly well
dispersed.
Since I think the all time low that
I've experienced in the eight years we've
been here is is seventy.
So it doesn't typically snow much here.
So I went from where we left Iowa.
It was nine degrees to now here in
Texas.
We're sitting around seventy two right
now.
Wow.
Well, don't worry.
It'll fall again.
You're not out of winter yet, so yeah.
Temperatures like Powerball numbers.
Yeah, they are bouncing all around,
all over the place.
We'll have Leah back here in a moment.
I knew she was here for a second.
She's probably dealing with Cara,
who's a little less attentive on these
kinds of shows than my pal here, Wookie.
One of the program notes that I wanted
to talk about is that Leah and Joe,
and to some extent I,
have been very active on trying to update
the website, YadaYah.com.
And what you will find is that every
book now has been redone.
Every book is now available in its new
format at Amazon.
So every single book is available in the
new part.
Yeah, all new covers,
all new illustrations,
and significant upgrades throughout the
book in terms of the way they're
presented.
So I want to thank Joe for that.
That was an enormous effort to get that
done.
And then he has returned to the website.
We did this font that we've been talking
about.
But there's also now,
if you go to the website at the
top of the page, there's a timeline.
And so the first
Three iterations of the timeline are
already there.
There'll be a more detailed timeline that
doesn't have all the pretty graphics also
added to it.
And then there's going to be actually put
on the homepage four epics of time where
we highlight between five and ten major
events during the epic of time.
And we're going to do...
a blog on them so that click on
that one and we will talk to you
about what that means, past or future.
So there'll be a timeline in that regard.
There's also a countdown timer for Taruwah
in the beginning of Israel's troubles.
So that's quite nice.
We're going to augment our homepage with
that.
We're gonna add also some of these really
beautiful branding things that have been
promotional materials that have come out
in the last month,
which have been so well designed.
So we're gonna have many of those featured
on the homepage,
and then we're gonna have a whole section
for these songs,
which may be the single best way to
communicate Yahowah's message with the
visuals, the lyrics and the music.
So these are all things that are going
to happen.
We have Perry working on a database with
all of the translations by passage
number uh as well as on a database
for the glossary and he and joe are
working are working to get that properly
formatted and up on the uh the site
as well so lots of progress on the
YadaYah.com website all of these books
thirty five of them are presented
in their entirety and free,
as well as access to royalty-free books at
Amazon if you prefer your book like Kirk
does and paper.
That's the way, absolutely, Wookie.
this book uh is uh probably uh twelve
twelve dollars something of that uh nature
you know they run from twelve dollars
probably upwards to uh seventeen sixteen
seventeen eighteen bucks uh which for in a
book that is eight hundred and twenty five
pages and a scholastic is eight hundred
twenty five pages uh you went to medical
school uh Dr. Jeff what would you pay
for an eight hundred and twenty five page
uh
uh technical book uh on uh on a
subject that's important to you probably
four to six hundred dollars at least yeah
so under twenty under twenty dollars would
be considered a value one by comparison oh
it would be a steal uh yeah correct
did you did uh Leah Joe and uh
Perry also along with the glossary uh
design the uh an index
That's what we're talking about.
There is a,
I don't know if we're going to use
the term index,
but we will come up with a proper
designation for it.
Leah likes the word Towrah addresses,
but all of the passages that I have
translated,
that's what I was just mentioning,
all those pages that I've,
things that I've translated,
Perry has put together a database and Joe
has figured out how to represent them,
maintaining the proper formatting
such that it will be available going
forward as well.
So we'll have all of these tools added
to the website shortly.
For those that want to know,
they're at the YadaYah.com website,
to know ya website.
There is no snooping.
We have no idea who you are.
Anybody can come.
They can stay as long as they want.
We don't know where you're coming from or
where you're going to.
We're not paying any attention to any of
that.
We're not trying to collect data on
anyone.
There is no donate to us button.
We do not collect money from anybody for
any reason under any circumstances in
order to ever solicit donations.
anything from you.
The books are entirely free,
not just parts of them,
but all of them are entirely free.
So it's a very pleasant experience.
It's very interactive.
Probably the only website now that blends
a full library of thirty five books that
we have written based upon translations of
the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Very unique, amplified translations.
I wonder if that's Cappuccino there is
going to stunt Wookie's growth,
but he's
he's really going after it here.
We don't feed our dog.
We just give him cappuccinos at morning
and the evening,
and that's pretty much it, I guess.
No, I'm just kidding.
So that's very unique for a website to
have, hold on,
site of a translator, author,
commentator that has thirty five books,
many of them where it's over eight hundred
pages long, all presented free.
But we also have a full blog and
blog on the website.
So we've we take from posts on X
and on Facebook and present them such that
you don't really have you don't have to
go to Facebook or X to participate.
And
The presentation of information,
a blog is where you have a picture
and copy.
A blog is where you do it through
video.
We make that experience available to you
on the website.
We don't even have to leave the website
to enjoy it.
Then we have links to the four thousand
different social media pages,
channels and accounts that we're
presenting information.
It may be a couple of less than
four thousand,
but
Seems that way sometimes.
You know,
I used to be able to look at
our Facebook post of a show like our
blog on the blog,
which is now upwards of a thousand views
on the Facebook site.
And then you realize, well,
we actually have three Facebook sites and
we have five YouTube channels.
And most everyone that participates in a
show like this on the chat room is
in the chat room of one of the
Facebook channels.
And then we have Rumble and Patreon and
TikTok and Instagram and
We're live streaming in most of those
places and presenting the presentation at
all of them.
So you lose track of actually how many
tens of thousands of hours and views that
we have.
But one of the things about these sites
now is that while we will never be
high in subscriptions because we oppose
Christianity and Islam and Judaism,
while opposing anti-Semitism and
Christianity,
All forms of politics,
from Marxists to MAGAs,
and all conspiratorialists as well.
You're just not going to have a big
audience when you oppose the things that
people congregate around on X or on
Facebook.
But what we do have is exceedingly high
viewership in the terms of...
thousands and thousands and thousands and
thousands of hours of people benefiting
from and learning from these programs that
we are producing and uh and offering so
it that part of it is uh is
really quite uh positive and extraordinary
um and you can see oh there's Qara
now making her debut here in the in
the show next to next to Leah
All right.
I'll just say, Craig and Leah and guys,
what's extraordinary is that this is the
only website in the history of humanity
that offers the gift, and I say gift,
of eternal life.
It does.
The gift of eternal life.
It is the only play.
This is the unique thing what we did.
I just, by the way,
showed how effective Wookie has been on my
cappuccino.
I think he did leave three drops at
the bottom.
He's going to try to resolve that problem
right now.
Would you like another cappuccino,
darling?
It's time for a refill.
Yeah, maybe a double espresso cappuccino.
That was a double.
Yeah.
Oh, that was a double.
That was a double.
Well,
you're going to see Wookie bouncing off
the walls.
Did you let him drink that whole thing?
He did.
Oh, my God, no.
Wow.
No question about it.
all right so with with that introduction i
want to direct our attention back to uh
to two things first uh what you've just
said dr jeff is valid well we do
not have a an audience for what we
have to say because we're not going to
change what we have to say for anyone
And we speak for God.
His name is Yahowah.
He has upwards of a thousand prophetic
references to specifically what we are
doing on his behalf.
And he's all in on this.
Chosen us and equipped us for this role.
This role is,
we're not talking about this because
there's any power or money or prestige.
My wife's laughing here.
Just in this phase two.
We work eighty-five,
ninety-five hours a week.
Just in this phase two of the vlog,
we've now spent
Upwards of one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
And we work between eighty and eighty five
hours a week for free to to do
this.
So it's not exactly like a lot of
golf.
We're not motivated as other people are.
But what we do have.
Is we have the first ever.
amplified translation where every word is
verifiable,
where you can challenge every word that I
have written,
because I give you the Hebrew basis of
that word,
or if we're in the New Testament,
I give you the Greek basis.
And where I strip all of the religiosity
out of every term,
I pull in the case of the Towrah
prophets and Psalms,
the Masoretic diacritical markings,
which were highly misleading.
where I go back to the roots of
each word,
consider their actual roots so that we can
define the words correctly,
study the first use of every word,
look at all related words to ascertain the
full meaning of any term,
and then actually study the moods,
the stems, the conjugations,
such that we're able to present the text
in the manner that God intended, full,
complete, amplified, and verifiable.
It's never existed previously.
It's the first time anyone has ever done
this.
And we bring it up on the screen
all the time during our shows so you
get to see what amplified translations
look like.
And it's the only place these exist in
the world.
I literally invented the process to do it.
And I've been doing it now for just
a short while, a score in four years.
That same kind of dedication.
And on top of that,
we offer the most comprehensive commentary
on what God said and analysis and provide
upwards of ten thousand previously
unheralded insights.
So within these these books,
this is Shauna and that series.
Yeah, Wookie looks up to it.
In these books,
not only is there copious amounts of
translation and insights that can be
derived from them, but we also have some,
as I say,
ten thousand unheralded insights,
things that people have never considered
previously, never even thought about.
Some of those insights are revolutionary.
I would say that there are some among
them which are not only previously
undiscussed,
but that could rate as the greatest
discoveries in human history.
If you have any interest of living past
your mortal existence or knowing God or
entering heaven,
there's nothing that compares to them.
We offer them all for free, but...
Some of these are we reintroduced Yahowah's
name,
proper pronunciation of it and proved it.
We were able to be the first that
could effectively disprove Islam,
demonstrating that Allah is not a God and
that Muhammad was not a prophet.
And I have five,
eight hundred and twenty five page books
based entirely on the Islamic sources,
using the Islamic sources themselves to
disprove Islam.
groundbreaking material and I did the same
thing with five volumes on Christianity
disproving the Christian New Testament and
that no Jesus Christ never existed no
one's ever done that before and
In addition to that,
I have disproven Judaism and shown that
there are whole books and what's called
the Old Testament that just don't belong,
like Ezekiel.
But I didn't just dismiss it.
I translated every word of it because it
is exceedingly insightful.
It's just not inspired by God.
But that doesn't mean that it wasn't
inspired.
And the fact is,
it was inspired by Satan.
And he says a lot about himself in
that book.
and what he's going to achieve,
including telling us who he's going to
work with in these days,
leading to God's return.
And that is the Coppercon, Donald Trump.
And so there's an enormous amount of that
kind of material.
But then the most important thing is this
realization that the whole human
experience from God's perspective centers
around a singular man.
So David, he's it.
God is all in.
The Eighty-Ninth Mismore is so effective
in making this point where God says
absolutely and unequivocally that there is
only one person that matters,
that one person is the exemplar of the
covenant,
one person enabled the benefits of the
covenant.
Without the covenant,
there is no eternal life.
There is no salvation.
There is no adoption into God's family.
There's no inheritance.
There's no enrichment.
There's no empowerment.
None of that's even possible.
So you have this realization that Dowd is
the beginning and the end of all.
That he is the Messiah, not Jesus.
He is the son of God, not Jesus.
That he is the chosen one, not Jesus.
And that he was the one who was
crucified in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand YAH,
becoming our savior by fulfilling Pesach
and Matsah.
He is the one whose soul went into
Sheowl, hell, to remove our guilt.
Not Jesus.
And that recognition as to proving how he
figured out he should do this,
why he chose to do it,
how he convinced God that it was
appropriate thing to do and how the
mechanics worked to enable that process so
that gift could be delivered to us and
how it's directly related to the five
benefits of the covenant and enabled
through the Mowed Miqraey on God's schedule.
That's extraordinary that in a normal
life,
enlightened, inquisitive,
open-minded world,
that'd be the front page of every
newspaper for months on end.
The single most important discussion in
humanity.
It'd be nothing that would even compare to
it because it proves conclusively that
Jesus never existed and that Christianity
is a fraud from beginning to end.
It proves conclusively that there's no
basis for rabbinic Judaism.
It proves conclusively that Islam is a
lie.
So you have these three horrible religions
that are completely disproven by that
realization.
And somebody who has put together all of
the evidence and delivering it and in
twenty five thousand pages of proof.
And you read it and you will.
Know who God is, what he's offering,
what he's expecting in return and how to
avail yourself of eternal life.
I say, Craig,
that just what comes to mind is that
what you've done,
and I'm going to give you the quarter
century, bro,
is the epitome of the word Chazak and
truly incorporate what it means to be a
Gabor in the process,
starting from Islam to today.
Gabor and Chazaq are the principal
ingredients in addition, of course,
to what God would call Chokmah, Bien, Yada,
Da'ath, Etzah.
All of these things are required,
but what he's speaking of is that when
you have a message that's this profoundly
important and yet this completely...
irreconcilable with the religions of
eighty percent of the people who live on
the planet.
And you're going to deliver that in live
stream programs like we do or make all
of your writings on it available.
What you're going to find is that ninety
nine percent of the world is either going
to despise you or ignore you.
And to be ignored when you have the
single greatest gift ever offered,
that's tough.
And being despised, you know,
it's not a lot of fun.
No.
And so you better have Chokmah.
Chokmah means strong, resilient,
tremendous conviction, courage.
Chokmah is tough as nails.
That's why God chose the demeanor of a
bull for this role.
And Gabuwrah is a similar term.
The
The nature of Gabor is slightly different
in that Yahowah himself is Chokmah,
unrelenting.
But Yahowah doesn't ever use Gabor to
describe himself because Gabor is in its
root,
its actionable root would be from Gabor,
which speaks of a strong man.
And so the most Gabor of men would
be Dowd.
But he is not alone in Gabor,
which is courage, character, confidence,
capability.
All of these things are part of Gabor.
And it's an essential part of this job.
You can't be meek.
You can't be timid.
You can't be humble and do this job.
You have to have total and complete
confidence in the role.
So it is a unique job.
place that we come from.
And we have written a series here just
recently.
The last series to publish is this called
Time of Trouble.
It's also eight hundred and twenty five
pages.
I wonder why so many books are that
length.
That's the maximum length book that
Amazon,
which now has about ninety nine percent of
the publishing business.
That's the longest book that they will
publish.
It is eight hundred twenty five pages.
I've just learned when you reach that
point,
it's time to move on to the next
book.
That's kind of how we write.
That book will tell you everything that's
going to happen tomorrow.
It's a book on future history.
It's tomorrow's newspaper delivered
yesterday.
If you want to know exactly what's going
to happen,
from economic collapse to World War,
to who is the Antichrist,
to when did the time of trouble begin?
Is Israel going to be required to forfeit
a Palestinian state?
What's that going to cost Israel?
Should it happen?
What day would it occur on?
When does the corporeal manifestation of
Satan arrive in Israel?
What's he going to say?
Who are the two witnesses?
When are they going to arrive?
And how the remaining four Mowed Miqraey are
fulfilled?
When they are fulfilled,
who will participate in them?
Including the upcoming harvest,
Shabuwah and Taruwah.
All of it's laid out in that book.
It tells you everything that you need to
know about participating in these events.
So it's a lot to offer.
Can I add a quickie?
No, just kidding.
Just kidding.
I have to give Kirk a hard time
just because Kirk's gone through a
difficult period at the time.
And there is nobody on earth that has
a better disposition about about going
through a tough time than than Kirk.
So absolutely, Kirk.
By the way, I noticed that, you know,
with all of this,
you still got plenty of facial hair.
I mean,
I think you may have lost three on
the top of the head.
Radiation doesn't really destroy your
hair.
They said I'd probably keep all my hair.
You could lose some,
but it's not because... Oh, okay.
So between the medicines they're using and
the radiation, it's staggering enough.
But if I do, it's all gray hair.
So hopefully it'll come.
Okay.
And another thing they make you do is
you have to take testosterone-blocking
medications.
And when you realize how much...
strength, really, energy that gives a man.
That's a tough thing to be without,
isn't it?
Oh, even for a woman.
That's the biggest problem.
For anybody, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, women also have it.
In fact,
alpha women are typically tested very high
for it.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
One thing I wanted to add is,
you know,
about a little less than two decades ago
when I ran across you,
I'm not an educated person,
but I'm not a scholar.
And when we picked up the first book
of yada yada,
and I started to read it,
we printed it out at the time,
or my wife did at the time.
don't be intimidated.
It may be eight hundred pages,
but it reads extremely well.
I mean, it's an easy read to me.
His bold print always was,
as far as I remember.
You would have all the words in
parentheses,
so you could go on to any number
of sites or you could go to any
of the books like the ones I have
down here or the site that I have
on right now on what we're covering.
And you can look up anything that you
said and figure out why you said it
that way.
uh it's nice to have a chart of
some kind you know where you have all
your grammar if that's in a literary will
tell you that and then on top of
that if you uh the commentary draws it
all together and then you go back and
forth you say oh okay i get it
It should not intimidate you because it's
big.
This is a big story.
It is a big story,
and it's a cohesive story.
And there are aspects of the Hebrew
language that are really unique,
but if you spend some time in it,
you get really comfortable with it.
One of the uniqueness's about the language
that we're dealing with is that in Hebrew,
verbs are not stuck in time.
That's very unique.
So a verb is never written in the
past, present, or future tense.
The action either is ongoing or it is
finite in its time.
And there are basically four conjugations,
the perfect, the imperfect.
There is the the participle and the
infinitive.
And each of those.
uh presents the action in a little
different way with the infinitive and the
participle actually creating a blend
between a verb or a noun we're going
to see a lot of that in this
text that I'm going to be sharing with
you today where where god's conveying
something that is equal parts action and
identity
Yeah,
what a marvelous language in that regard.
And you can see what behaviors he's
describing as habitual and ongoing and
what he said, well,
it's going to be one and done.
So if you're going to take advantage,
you need to get with the program.
And the implications of that are
significant.
And it is a language whereby without verbs
being stuck in time,
the verbs are essentially like light in
Hebrew.
On a photon of light, time simply is.
There is no past,
present or future on a photon of light.
Time simply exists.
And therefore you can witness the past,
present and future if you are energy
based.
That's how Yahowah does prophecy.
He is not predicting the future.
He has witnessed our
future and then gone to our past to
reveal it so that when it happens,
we could trust his testimony and that we
would not be surprised for what's going to
happen.
So that is a very unique part of
Hebrew that ties it into the very nature
of God,
where he exists as an energy-based being,
therefore is infinite in that regard and
can move forward and back in time.
The next thing that's really interesting
is that Hebrew actually has three
volitional moods.
It's not only that you can convey
volition,
but you can convey volition in first,
second, and third person.
And the master of this happens to be
Dowd.
The reason I came to realize that Dowd
had volunteered and that Yahowah had
accepted his desire to serve as the
Passover lamb in his second of three lives
and then to take our guilt into Sheowl
hell on Matsah.
is because he wrote what he was saying
in the imperative and the cohortative.
That's second person and first person
expressions of volition.
And he would scribe the same verb with
both moods, which would be to say,
I want and you agree,
or it's your will and I concur.
What a marvelous way to be able to
communicate information,
but yet no one ever pays any attention
to them.
I decided to.
And when I did,
the floodgates of insights were suddenly
open.
And then in Hebrew,
there are stems like the nipple stem says
that the subject both carries out the
action of the verb and is affected by
it.
So that would be to say,
I'm the one who produced these
translations.
And by having done so,
I gained the most from them.
A niffle stem.
Seven stems.
Yeah, and the hiffle stem would tell you,
for example, that the subject,
which very often is God,
causes the object to be a secondary
subject.
In other words,
he's able to work through someone to
accomplish what he wants done.
A marvelous stem.
The niffle would have the...
the subject causing this action to occur.
The call would just say,
this is a literal interpretation of these
things.
And you have the hit pail and the
hopeful.
And wow,
they go into very exotic thoughts of
something occurring that you're absolutely
compelled and forced to do what happened.
or something occurring where you were not
influenced by anyone.
This was all on your own initiative and
there was no outside influence of any kind
to create that scenario.
And so these stems are always depicting
the relationship between the subject and
the object of a verb and a language
that was specifically designed to convey
the kind of relationship that Yahowah
wanted with humankind.
Isn't that, I mean,
it's really marvelous kinds of things.
And then in Hebrew,
you have masculine and feminine nouns.
Every noun is either masculine or
feminine.
And this helps you identify what the
subject or the object of a sentence is
because of that.
And sometimes they're used to convey more
information than would be otherwise
gleanable from the term itself or to
expand the information in the term.
The pronouns and prepositions as well,
even the articles and conjunctions are
ascribed to the verb.
uh and to the other nouns and and
other terms such that you have kind of
a phrase that you you unravel as to
you know is this first second or third
person masculine singular uh singular uh
masculine or are feminine singular or
plural uh and uh how is the action
being
played out and you know i don't provide
a a grammar lesson with all of these
I'm hardly a grammarian I'm a you know
a former businessman uh so you know that's
my approach to things is let's uh let's
be orderly let's be functional let's be
productive let's get this done we have a
job to do and we're gonna have a
system for for uh marshalling down the
road and getting this done uh that's going
to be consistent and effective that's you
know that's the nature of a businessman
but
Occasionally we'll go into the grammar
when it is essential to understanding
what's being conveyed.
And we're going to have some things here
where God used the grammar to tell us
that there's only one group of people and
all of history and all of the world
today that could be the subject of his
rebuke.
And so without the grammar,
you're gonna leave a lot on the table.
And JB,
I know you did a lot of translation.
When you start at it,
You have a tendency to, you know,
maybe to look at an interlinear and say,
all right, that means this.
That's kind of it.
So you look at the words.
All right.
That's an acceptable rendering.
And you kind of go with it.
And then the more and more you do
it, the more you said, no,
it's not really, really what it says.
I don't know why they got she or
he or they or them or whatever.
that rendering, but singular,
because it's not there.
This is what it really says,
and we need to figure out how to
make what it really says work in this
sentence.
Then it becomes a real challenge.
And that's really where the grammar does
come in,
because
you'll see so many things and like the
translation,
your basic language translation says this,
but then you're like, well,
how do you even get there from here?
And if you translate it like that,
it makes no sense.
And then you're like, oh, well,
there's this stem, there's this mood.
Okay,
now I can see how to piece this
together.
But just looking at the words directly,
some of the sentences almost don't make
sense until you take that into account.
Yes.
And then, of course,
just one other thought as we go on
here,
we have the challenge of the deteriorating
human intelligence,
which right now is on a cascading and
avalanche course to oblivion.
That's one of the reasons,
there's two reasons I'm so concerned about
AI is that people are already not thinking
and we have two generations that don't
know how to think anymore.
You can't reason with them because they
know nothing about logic and the rules of
evidence, for example,
and the rules of reason and logic.
and rhetoric,
but AI is now becoming the ultimate crutch
and people are just not thinking.
And AI is not intelligent.
It's not judgmental.
It's strictly putting the finger up in the
air and saying, well,
most people have said this on Reddit or
on Wikipedia, so that's my answer.
It's really pathetic.
And the second thing is that AI and
machines are going to pull people out of
the process of doing stuff.
And when people...
start stop engaging and working like
what's happened to we have now a whole
generation doesn't know how to work you
know trump wants to bring factories back
jobs back to America and no one no
one to work you're lucky to get a
crew to show up on time yeah i
mean all the young generation knows is how
to be an influencer and that is useless
so with robots and ai you're going to
put people out of work and
That is how we create value.
That's how we develop worth,
is to build and create things.
And we stop doing that,
it's going to be really bleak for
humanity.
So what I was trying to drive at
with this degradation of intelligence is
that if you look at a book from
the seventeenth or eighteenth century,
for the most part,
a sentence is as long as a paragraph.
in today's books.
And a paragraph was a page or two
pages so that
The things that were related were kept
related.
Early nineteenth century,
they were still writing books like that.
And now if you were to do that,
you would have zero readers.
No one could follow what you're doing.
I mean,
I happen to love long sentences because
you can tie so many clauses together and
make it so much more interesting.
But what I learned is you can't do
that anymore.
you're holding up an old book there i
mean the reality today is in the eighteen
hundreds english grammar i got from my
grandfather this is when you read the
first few sentences and on you go wow
yeah how far we have fallen oh how
far we have fallen so when you're trying
to write the message of the most brilliant
individual in the history of the universe
the man who not man but god who
created the universe
You know, you want to dumb it down,
at least to the point that the reader
can't understand it.
And yet you're afraid to dumb it down
because that's an insult to the
inspiration behind it.
But it's a constant struggle.
You learn to break sentences down into
shorter ones and only put a longer one
in if it's surrounded by short ones and
break paragraphs that are never more than
three or four sentences.
Otherwise, you'd lose everybody.
So it's a real art to get this
done.
You don't want to dumb it down too
much because then you break the filter.
That's correct.
Yeah, break the filter.
Good point.
Yeah,
JB's point there is something that if
you're part of the covenant family,
you're going to understand.
If you're not, you won't.
because the religious have this notion
that god wants to save everyone you and
you know they they want it simple like
in Christianity it's the gospel of grace
and islam is the uh it's the tirade
of jihad really simple you know you can
please all if you go off and kill
people and uh you can be a part
of the man god's uh uh heaven if
uh you believe the gospel of grace
not God's style.
God doesn't want to save everyone.
In fact,
he is specific that he wants to save
very few.
He actually wrote the second statement
that he etched in stone,
which is a complete repudiation of all
things associated with religion by saying
that it's going to be thousands who
receive the benefits of the covenant
relationship and thousands amongst
billions would in fact be one in a
million.
So that's the kind of numbers we're going
to be dealing with is in the range
of one in a million people.
So God is trying to create a filter,
not to determine who to include,
but to make certain that no one is
included who should be excluded.
And we're gonna get more into that here
in a moment.
God comes across far more as an introvert
than an extrovert.
I think he would have been happy with
the dote alone.
But he and Dowd worked out an arrangement
where there are going to be a considerable
number of us that move on in life.
But it's not God's style to have too
many.
All right.
So I want to return to where we
are going to pick up this story.
I had done a series that was in
the midst of a series called Return to
the Garden.
The reason that series is named Return to
is because we were taken out of the
garden at God's choice.
God caused the fall of man.
He's very clear about that in the
testimony found in Bar-Rashith Genesis.
So he caused the fall of man because
frankly, Adam didn't measure up.
Adam was not trustworthy.
He did not listen.
He did not engage and make a contribution.
He was not responsible and God couldn't
trust him.
and so there was no way that god
could have a relationship with adam
outside of the garden where things were
dangerous and there was no way that adam
was going to grow up and become anything
that would be interesting for god to spend
time with if he was left sheltered in
that garden so god simply gave up on
the experiment and caused the fall of man
and the the message there is if we
think about what god
said about those two in the garden and
why he caused the fall of man,
what he said he was specifically wanted.
And we look and say,
Adam didn't provide any of those four
things.
And then we look at what God's edict
was to them after they ignored his
testimony.
We can very quickly deduce something that
no one's ever thought of until we did
so on these programs,
which is that the reason there's been six
thousand years
from the fall of man out of the
garden to our ability to stand again is
because God has given us this opportunity
to get it right, to listen to him,
to act upon what he is saying,
to show that we are observant and
therefore would be interesting explorers
out there in the rest of the universe
and that we can be trusted and that
we have character because when we stumble
and fall, we can get back up.
And that is exactly what God wants.
And he is not letting anyone off of
this planet to explore the universe with
him until such time as we demonstrate
that.
Because it's dangerous out there.
This is a protective enclosure here on the
earth.
Off the earth, it's really,
really dangerous out there.
And yet there is...
Every bit of two trillion and maybe more
galaxies and every bit of of a hundred
to two hundred billion stars per galaxy is
a lot to see out there.
And that's just the five percent that we
know about,
not the ninety five percent that we
haven't even figured out yet.
So God wants us to be good listeners,
to be responsive,
to contribute to the relationship,
be willing to work in that regard and
to be reliable and trustworthy and and not
be perfect because that would be boring as
hell.
But to when we stumble and fall,
to get back up and to show that
we're resilient in this regard,
that's what God's looking for.
And so I've been presenting.
the return to the garden,
because what God is doing is he told
us the story of the garden because he's
bringing us back there.
And by us, not a lot of us.
There is a mortal remnant of Yahuwdym and
of Goyim that are brought back into
Jerusalem on Taruwah,
September twenty fourth of twenty thirty
three year six thousand year.
And
they will have the opportunity to reenter
the garden on Sukkah,
which is synonymous with the Gani Den.
And they will be able to be there
for a thousand years.
And during that thousand years,
it's those who are harvested,
and we're going to talk about these
harvests, on Taruwah and on,
primarily on Shabuwah, the next harvest,
that are going to be the ones teaching
them.
because they are going to have to show
God that they can be trusted,
that they're good listeners,
that they're observant,
that they're reliable.
And our job will be over that thousand
years to prepare whatever number of people
choose to participate,
that they have the opportunity to be
emancipated from this planet and have
their physical bodies transformed into
light energy and to be able to explore
the universe with Yahowah.
Pretty cool.
So that is what is being presented.
That is what we're offering.
And it's a profoundly important insight.
So we went to Yasha'yah, which is Isaiah.
It means Yahowah saves, Yahowah delivers.
Seventeen.
And the reason we went there is it
does a marvelous job of putting in the
context of time and it identifies also the
participants.
who are going to engage in the Shabuwah
harvest and what else is going to
transpire around it.
And then in the Taruwah gleaning,
excuse me,
with the sacrifice thereafter of the Adam
of Parah,
the bloody red man of the earth who
is a productive bull.
And where all that leads and when it
will transpire.
And what we learned is that the beginning
of the time of Israel's troubles and the
Time we're pushing towards here is just
five months away now.
It's Shibuya, May of twenty twenty six.
The harvest will either be then or the
following Shibuya,
which would be eleven June of twenty
twenty seven.
It's ambiguous and both could be possible.
It has to be a Shibuya.
It's only those two dates.
So it's not like we have a whole
laundry list,
either one of the two with one event
happening and one of them and another
event happening on the other.
And God wants it that way because,
you know, quite frankly,
the more time we have, the better.
But we have to be planning as we
don't have much time.
There's a lot to accomplish.
We need to be with it and get
this done so that we leave the proper
legacy behind.
And then Taruwah and the fulfillment of
Taruwah, Kipurym,
and Sukkah are date certain,
the third and twenty-fourth of September,
twenty-thirty-three,
backdrop of a full solar eclipse for
Taruwah, Yom Kipurym,
when Dowd returns as Messiah and King,
with Yahowah is the second of October,
twenty-thirty-three,
and then five days thereafter is when we
celebrate Sukkah and we return to the
garden with this mortal remnant.
of Yisrael and of Goyim as well.
Those dates are set in stone.
So that's what we're presenting here.
Now, what I wanted to do,
since the Towrah speaks of these as
harvests,
Shabuwah is of standing grain and Taruwah is
of olives.
So what I wanted to prove is that
we're not talking about going out into the
field and taking our sickle and cutting
down some grain.
Wheat, yeah,
it's two types of wheat for Shabuwah,
which is why it's two loaves of bread,
the celebration of it.
And we aren't going to be whacking away
at an olive tree for a gleaning on
Taruwah.
Not olives,
olives symbolically of Yisrael and the
wheat symbolically of both Yisrael and
Goyal.
So the best way to do that is
to turn to Isaiah,
which tells us that as part of the
Asaf, these end gatherings,
people are going to disappear.
And so it says that the end gatherings
are of people and that they literally
disappear.
And the rest who remain are not going
to know where they're gone.
That's in Isaiah fifty seven.
So that being the case,
it closes the thought process on what's
going to happen.
So I thought, well,
let's go there next and and deal with
that.
But one of the things I have learned.
Doing this now, twenty four years.
Is you never start.
at a specific thing that you're looking to
understand or you won't understand it.
Always the case.
You know,
this idea you're going to do what Paul
did and you're going to pluck a verb
out or a verse out of context and
truncate it and misrepresent it.
And by the time you're done,
you've conveyed the opposite of what God
actually said.
And you know nothing and you're just
misleading people.
You don't do that with Yahowah.
Yahowah is very contextual.
And so the only way to actually understand
Isaiah is to read what God spoke in
first person in Isaiah .
And when you do,
what you find out is a lot more
than what we have just suggested here.
So we're gonna begin that now and
These previous programs,
we are now absolutely assured of the
timeline and the prophetic implications of
the Shabuwah and the Taruwah harvest.
So we're going to work towards a
comprehensive affirmation that these end
gatherings of covenant members are not
grain and they're not olives.
They're serving as metaphors.
And for these insights, of course,
we're going to turn to Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
fifty-six and fifty-seven.
All right.
So that discussion begins.
And I think each of you have had
a chance to read this,
so you know where we're going.
And it's riveting.
For this is what Yahowah says.
You should choose to be observant.
carefully considering and closely
examining the means to exercise good
judgment and justly resolve disputes,
making good decisions."
Ms.
Vaughn.
The opening line there is consistent with
exactly where Adam failed in the garden.
God said there's two things that he wanted
from Adam in the garden before he even
put a conscience and a psalm in a
person such that he could relate to God
and bring him into the garden.
And those two things were I want him
to work to make a contribution.
Because work creates character and value.
And I want him to be observant.
Because if he's not observant,
what's the point of anything?
Because my entire intent is to take
humanity off this planet and to go explore
the universe and life and everything else
that's going to be in this universe.
And so this begins with Shemar,
to be observant.
So that's a pretty good start.
So God's consistent the way he presents
his story.
And the thing that now he is asking
us to observe are not the trees,
at least not at this point.
It's the Mishpat.
And Mishpat's an exceedingly simple Hebrew
word to analyze.
You guys know the basis of Mishpat and
how you would render it accurately?
It's a compound word.
Judge.
So, yeah,
I have some judge recognition in me to
question that judgment.
Correct.
To think about, yeah.
Yeah,
to ponder the implications or to ask
important questions regarding exercising
good judgment, making good decisions.
Shaphat is to judge, to discern,
to discriminate.
to make sound and reasoned decisions.
So God says,
I want you to be particularly observant,
carefully considering and closely
considering the means to exercise good
judgment.
Why?
Because the path to God is up here.
You have to think your way through it.
God presents himself to us cerebrally so
that we can think our way to him.
And the only way you can do that
is to exercise good judgment.
And you can't exercise good judgment
unless you've been observant because you
wouldn't even know what you're supposed to
discern, right?
So you have to start by being observant,
and then you can deduce between right and
wrong.
Yeah,
that's the order that it has to proceed.
Then it says, then-
There is probably nothing other than the
Sermon on the Mount and the Olivet
Discourse.
that's right in the Christian New
Testament.
And the only reason that the Sermon on
the Mount and the Olivet Discourse are
right is they were actually recorded by
the Ibanim,
who were Hebrews that knew that it was
Dowd that was fulfilling these things.
And they wrote what he had to say
down in the Hebrew language and passed it
on.
And whoever the fraud was that...
wrote the plagiarized book of Matthew,
plagiarized from three sources.
Seventy percent,
eighty percent of the book comes from Mark
and Luke and the twenty to twenty five
percent that didn't come from Mark and
Luke came from the even him and the
even him contributed the Sermon on the
Mount and the Olivet Discourse.
But God absolutely did not say,
judge not lest you be judged,
because God's whole concept is if you're
going to understand who I am,
what I'm offering,
and what you need to do in return,
you've got to be judgmental.
God's very,
very keen on exercising good judgment.
Matter of fact,
when he brought his people into the land,
he establishes Shaphat.
for their guidance and what is the shabbat
the judge yeah i tell people being
judgmental is the same like as like having
hatred you you know and you have to
be able to hate in order to love
but by what standard you hate it's the
same thing with being judgmental by what
standard are you judging yeah being
judgmental by the wrong standard is
negative but being judgmental by the
proper standard is necessary
Yeah,
exercising good judgment is necessary if
you want to be moral, just, fair,
intelligent, rational.
There is no way to be any of
those things without exercising good
judgment.
So being judgmental is the essence to
being right, to being discerning,
to being discriminating.
It's the thing that the artificial
intelligence cannot do.
And it's this very aspect of our nesama,
our conscience, that enables humans,
when they exercise it correctly,
to be judgmental.
And it's the very essence of being right.
You cannot be right and you cannot
distinguish what is wrong if you are not
judgmental.
So it goes on to say,
then choose to engage so that you act
upon.
So what was the other thing that Adam
was asked to do?
To make a contribution, to act, to engage,
right?
Do something.
yeah do something that's what this says do
something so once you become observant and
you've pondered the uh the means to
exercise good judgment then do something
act upon it if you're not willing to
act upon it you are never going to
be in god's company ever
God is not lazy.
He is not looking for dependence.
If you are a a progressive and you
like the entitlements,
everybody should get free health care.
Everybody should get a living wage.
Everybody should should be a huge societal
safety net, all that kind of stuff.
God's not a proponent of that.
God is a proponent of you need personal
responsibility.
Yes, I want you to be observant.
Yes, I want you to be thoughtful,
but I also want you to engage.
You need to work.
If you don't work,
you're a deadbeat and you're of no
interest or value to anybody,
including me.
So that is why we make a contribution.
That's what God once modeled.
Then choose to engage so that you act
upon that which is correct in vindicating.
One of the most important of all Hebrew
words, tsadaq.
And here it's in the feminine form,
tsedaqah,
which would incorporate the fullness of
that word.
And to be tsadaq or tsedaqah is to
be right, to be correct, to be accurate,
to be acquitted, to be vindicated,
to be verifiable, to be credible.
All of those things are tsadaq.
The reason that's important is that Yahowah
routinely tells us that Dowd,
his chosen one, his beloved son,
our Messiah and King and Savior was Tsadaq.
And that means he was right about God.
God's not looking for good.
He's looking for right.
And that's one of the great mistakes of
religion because faith is not about being
right.
Yeah, it's about believing.
And if you are believing,
it means you don't know.
And if you don't know,
you can't be right.
You're just guessing with faith.
So you need to choose to engage and
act upon that which is right.
Because my deliverance and resulting
salvation are approaching and they are
close, eminent and personal.
All right.
So this is being spoken in first person
by this fellow named Yahowah.
Yeah.
Interesting guy.
Creator God of the universe.
We're very comfortable in our
relationship.
He's approachable, lovable.
He is exceedingly kind, generous,
brilliant.
And he is telling us here that his
deliverance,
his vindication and salvation are near.
We've gone just eight years shy of six
thousand since humankind were booted from
the garden.
And God is saying that our final
deliverance is near.
So would you think that being seven to
eight years away from God resolving all of
this would qualify as that period where
it's near?
Absolutely.
So he has now established all of this.
I want you to observe,
which is what we're doing here with these
prophecies and these translations.
I want you to observe.
I want you to exercise good judgment,
which is our whole approach to everything.
I want to make certain that you engage
and act
And you do so on that which is
right,
which you can only determine if you are
thoughtful and judgmental.
It's the only way you can determine what's
right.
And when you do that,
I want you to know that my salvation,
my deliverance is near.
And it has not happened at any other
point over the past six thousand years.
Yeah, there was no rapture.
There was no rapture.
No rapture.
Yeah, well, yeah,
rapture is the thing that's gaining so
much attention these days because
Christians are desperate for it.
And they know that there was this thing
that Paul promised.
Of course, Paul attributed it to trumpets,
which would be Taruwah, because...
Shabuwah was already taken to create the
myth of the birth of their church.
And so he didn't know that the next
harvest is actually Shabuwah.
And he didn't know that Taruwah is a
gleaning and it only applies to Jews.
And he's speaking to Gentiles.
So that didn't work out very well for
him either.
And he expected,
he told everybody that his rapture was
going to occur during his lifetime.
And since it didn't,
he was only off by two thousand years.
He's a false prophet.
So, you know,
if you're a thoughtful Christian,
you're not looking for a rapture,
which means it's from a Greek word that
means a violent tearing away.
Like a wolf.
Yeah, like a wolf ripping, ripping apart.
And so if that's what you're looking for,
you're not very smart because Paul
presented it as a false prophecy.
He had the timing off by two thousand
years.
He had the means of it.
There's no ripping away, no wolf's teeth.
And so he had the nature of it,
the timing of it and the date of
it in the sense of Taruwah versus Shavuot.
He made it off by every way.
He was wrong about everything.
So I wouldn't be hoping on your rapture.
There is a harvest and God says it's
near.
So now we need to put everything we're
reading here,
everything now in fifty six and fifty
seven has to be with the mindset that
we are approaching.
Twenty years, forty years, forty years,
twenty years, ten years, five years.
to Dowd Sen Yahowah's return.
And we know that time explicitly because
Dowd gave us the exact day that he
would fulfill Chag Matsah and thirty-three
CE, which is year four thousand YAH.
So when you
Look at God's plan of the six plus
one equals seven.
It's real easy to go from, yeah,
that's your four thousand.
Yeah, it was twenty.
It was thirty three CE.
It's exceedingly easy to determine that
twenty thirty three will be your six
thousand.
Yeah.
So we know we know exactly when these
things are going to transpire.
All right.
So it goes on to say, therefore,
the Tsadaqah Ani.
which is the one who is correct about
me and vindicates with me will come to
pursue the harvest,
be included and return, then remain.
Galah,
so as to be revealed and to be
made known.
And you're witnessing the fulfillment of
that prophecy
It's the first time in, well,
twenty-five hundred years that somebody
can speak honestly and forthrightly,
who is right about Yahowah.
And so Yahowah says, therefore,
this Tsadaqah-ani,
this one who is correct about me and
vindicates with me,
he's going to pursue these harvests,
Shabuwah, Taruwah.
And he's going to be included.
He's going to return.
Then he's going to remain.
So as to be revealed and made known.
There's a reason that God has, you know,
a thousand prophecies about this fellow.
He is now the Tsadaqah Ani,
the one who is right about me.
There's a, let me tell you,
there must be a hundred titles and
presented on average about ten times
apiece.
we're dealing with a thousand prophecies
about the person that God has chosen for
this purpose.
And he's saying, trust me here.
As the time approaches,
I am going to deliver him.
So there you go.
So this is reminiscent, of course,
of what Solomon advised and told the
Israelites as he spoke to the people upon
the completion of...
John was coming at home,
and when he was announcing specifically
that the ha-Nakry, the observant foreigner,
would arise, and that once he arrived,
he would address God's wayward children
during the last days.
He was thereby encouraging Israel to be
observant and responsive.
acting upon what this individual,
this witness, ha-Nakry here,
ha-Nakar and Isaiah,
would be sharing on their behalf.
And we're going to get right to this
where God uses the term Ha-Nakar,
that that's the person he's talking about.
It's a very important title.
It first appears in the Towrah in Dabarym,
verse twenty-nine.
It appears here in Second Chronicles,
verse six,
and it appears throughout Yasha'yah.
And you know, Craig,
we're talking also about the same
individual who is known as Mikael.
Yes, we are.
When it comes to this time and this
prophecy, God had a couple of guys.
He introduces them in the Towrah in the
first chapter as the greater and lesser
luminary.
He then reintroduces them in the second
chapter as the tree of lives and the
tree of knowledge.
He then introduces them in numbers as
Eldowd, which is God's beloved, and Mydowd.
And then he sent them as Gabriel and
Mikael, one who is right about God,
and the most courageous and capable man of
God.
Again,
these same two guys to speak to Daniel
about the timing of these events and what
was going to happen during these last
days.
So, yeah,
it's just a consistent story all the way
through.
God wants you to know who he chose
and equipped to speak for him so that
when he speaks for him, his people listen.
Pretty simple concept.
That was the one that Miriam tested,
wasn't it?
Yeah, yeah,
we don't like that wife of yours.
And, oh, by the way,
we also speak for God.
And God says, no, you don't.
No.
When I choose somebody to speak for me,
they know it and you know it.
Because I'm very clear about who I have
chosen to speak for me.
And he's very clear about what we're
doing.
I know you're going to get into it,
but Miriam is going to be manifested by
that terrible term that we all are going
to approach later, azab.
Yeah, she is clearly Azab,
but we won't get through it because we
only have an hour left in this program
tonight.
But we will in future iterations of this,
and we can get together and do it
collectively.
But where this is leading, fellas,
where this is leading is that there is
somebody that God says is demonic and a
whore.
And he's assuring that they're going to be
dispatched to shield hell.
So you want to be really careful about
your reaction when we tell you this is
what Yahowah said.
And you may think, as I once did,
that God could do a whole lot better.
And that, you know,
it's presumptuous for somebody to say that
you're speaking for God.
But after, you know, the five hundred,
six hundred, seven hundred time,
you come across something where God says,
oh, by the way, that's you.
And and you need to tell people that's
you and we're doing what the time is.
And oh, by the way,
with these thirty five books we've written
together, there is no one else.
So.
Buck up, Buttercup,
because we've got a lot to accomplish.
And that's basically what we're going to
read in these next two chapters,
I have to say.
Yeah, buck up, Buttercup.
There is a lot to be done here.
OK,
so having studied the Towrah and the
prophets and especially the writings,
the Psalms and the Proverbs of Dowd,
the Nakry,
this observant and responsible foreigner,
sometimes called the Nakar,
same exact term.
It's whether it's been the influence of or
just the title by itself with the Y
after it or not.
He's going to come.
Everybody that reads the Towrah and
Prophets knows that the Nakry is, Nakar,
is an exceedingly prolific character in
God's story and that he is a prophetic
character for the last days.
So this Nakry,
which means observant and responsive
foreigner, is going to know the tsadaq.
the right way via the Beryth covenant and
the Miqraey invitations,
which Dowd exemplified and fulfilled.
He will be correct regarding the means of
deliverance, of vindication,
even of salvation,
which occur as a result of what father
and son have achieved.
Listen and you too can be part of
Yahowah's family.
Now, also revealing in this situation,
both Shemar choose to be observant
regarding exercising good judgment and
then Asha want to act and engage are
both scribed in the imperative mood.
So what does that mean, fellas?
Imperative, you got to do it.
Nope.
Imperative actually doesn't mean you got
to do it.
It means you should choose to do it.
Well,
the term in English would create the
natural conclusion that an imperative is
something you must do.
When you actually study the purpose of an
imperative mood,
it is a second-person expression of
volition.
It means you should choose to do this.
Again, free will.
Yep,
this means that Yahowah is soliciting our
cooperation, offering guidance,
which is subject to our own free will.
With tzedakah scribed twice,
God is encouraging us to be right about
it so that we can be acquitted of
our guilt.
As we're going to get further into this
in the fifty seventh chapter,
it is those who are tzedakah that are
gathered in and taken to heaven with
everyone else left behind.
So tzedakah is the key.
Tsadaqah means it has nothing to do with
belief, nothing to do with faith,
nothing to do with religion.
Tsadaqah is to be right,
which means you have to be observant and
exercise good judgment to get there.
So this is the only Tsadaqah correct
approach to God.
The second occurrence,
Tsadaqah is addressing someone who is
demonstrably right about God and who,
as a result,
will be working with Yahowah to vindicate
his people.
And the conjugation that it was scribed in
calls it a verbal noun.
So it's an actionable description of an
individual.
Then contemplating the full implications
of Bow,
we can get that derived from that,
that he will come to pursue a harvest.
He's going to be included in that harvest,
and then he's going to return.
He will remain thereafter.
And all of this echoes what we learned
back in Yasha'yah Isaiah, verse seventeen,
about the Zarowa and the Parah,
this one cultivating the harvest and the
productive bull, presented in Isaiah,
Yasha'yah, verse seventeen.
The cat seer will arrive to pursue the
Shabuwah harvest,
leaving with those who are withdrawn.
only to return three years later.
But come Taruwah, he's gonna remain.
Or do you think you're gone?
Therefore,
Yahowah is putting his people on notice
that they should be looking for this
person, such that when he arrives,
they will benefit from his contribution to
their salvation.
We have repeatedly announced that the
realization that Dowd is the Messiah,
the son of God, the returning king,
the chosen one, who fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
in the year four thousand year,
as he himself narrated and foretold,
that that is the greatest discovery in
human history.
But there is so much more to this
than determining how he came to know that
he should do this.
that he convinced Yahowah to allow him to
endure it and even to trust him to
do so.
More to it than even knowing why it
was in Dowd's and Yahowah's interest,
as well as our own,
for all of this to play out that
way.
There's more to it than calculating the
exact day Chag Matsah was fulfilled using
Gabriel's prophecy
affirming that the three CE was your four
thousand yang,
thereby being able to precisely date those
returns.
And that is because I was able to
ascertain how the spring Miqraey were
fulfilled using Dowd's disposable Bashar
body to open the door to life on
Passover and his eternal nefesh soul to
carry our guilt and disheel on Matsah to
assure our acquittal so that we could be
tsadaq.
such that the bokor,
the firstborn son of Yahowah,
enabled the benefits of Bikuwrym,
firstborn children, the following day.
I was even able to show how Dowd's
Mizmowr, Psalm XXII,
served as a first-person narrative of his
crucifixion,
thereby completely destroying the myth of
Jesus while excoriating Judaism.
and in this way became the living
embodiment of, well,
what we're reading here in Isaiah,
and you know,
I'm not trying to take any credit for
this.
I wanna tell you that every time you
see yourself written into the story,
it's a greater burden.
It's more responsibility.
It's, oh my God, are you crazy, God?
I mean,
you really think that you picked the right
guy and that we're gonna get this done?
have you checked the atmosphere that we're
in today?
This is a pretty hostile world.
Nobody wants to listen to you.
Nobody wants to hear what you have to
say.
You don't really intend to succeed this
way, do you?
And every time you read it,
it's just cringeworthy for me.
I'm not bragging here.
I would love to shirk this responsibility,
but it ain't going to happen.
Craig,
you're saying trust and rely on trust and
rely.
You're the Red Bull.
Yeah, it's clear that's the Red Bull.
And, you know, and I'm content with.
with God's choice.
I may not have agreed that he made
the right choice,
but I'm gonna accept the choice he made,
and we're gonna get this done.
There will be no relenting.
We will see it through.
But when you see yourself written like
this,
the point I wanna get across is that
it's not a, oh boy, isn't that exciting?
There's another reference to me.
No, it's exactly the opposite.
Could you tone it down a little bit?
It's a whole lot easier here.
You just tone it down a touch.
I already got a target in my head.
I'll forget you want it to be.
Okay.
In this way,
I certainly became the living embodiment
of it.
I'm not going to run away from it.
We made a decision a long time ago.
We're going to go with the words late.
At least he's already assured you you're
going to succeed.
He has.
He's the measure of success.
And so he is defining what we accomplish
together success.
So and he's obviously really he's both
really pleased with what we're
accomplishing together.
And he's really upset at those who are
antagonistic towards it.
Oh, boy.
For this is what Yahowah,
and no one else prior to our engagement
together would ever have read it that way,
shared it that way.
They would have always said,
this is what the Lord.
And that's not what it says.
It says, this is what Yahowah.
And if you don't know Yahowah's name,
if you can't prove that that's how it
was pronounced,
if you don't understand the verb that it
is based upon,
and what those letters convey,
then you're not in a position to do
this.
And so it wasn't until somebody figured
this out that you could even commence in
fulfilling this objective.
For this is what Yahowah says,
you should choose to be observant,
carefully considering and closely
examining the means to exercise good
judgment and justly resolve disputes,
making good decisions.
then choose to engage such that you act
upon that which is correct and vindicating
because my deliverance and resulting
salvation are approaching and they are
close, eminent and personal.
Therefore, the Tsadaqah Ani,
the one who is correct about me and
vindicates with me will come to pursue the
harvest and be included and return,
then remain.
so as to be revealed and made known.
Well,
since there isn't another Goy or even a
Yahuwd who's written and spoken testimony
or even remotely comparable to Yada
Yahowah or the Yahowah block.
You know that the twenty-five thousand
pages of amplified translations and
commentary and insights on Yahowah's
testimony are more than ten times greater
than all of the prophets combined.
Just put that in perspective.
Ten times greater than all of the prophets
combined over a thousand years.
So it's a reasonable credential to toss in
and say, okay, well,
I think we've qualified on that point.
And we've now done hundreds and hundreds
of hours of this Yahowah blog since Yahowah
asked us to do it a year ago.
There is the evidence, the Yahowah blog,
and you are witnessing the fulfillment of
this prophecy and so many others.
Yahowah inspired Yasha'yah,
Isaiah to convey this promise so that you
would know how to proceed,
especially in a world that is filled with
deceitful and deadly influencers.
Also insightful.
The first word that Dowd wrote,
and the first that I translated,
Long ago,
twenty four years ago was Asher and it's
presented here as Asher.
It says blessed by the benefits of the
relationship,
joyous and productive by showing the
proper way.
Is this person a mortal man,
an Enosh who acts upon and.
as he engages in this with unfolding
implications under time.
Asha is of.
Because this son of man is a lone
individual and he will be exceptionally
firm and resolute in this,
empowered and strengthened to prevail,
restoring through his conviction and
resolve
with regard to this, Dr.
Jeff's favorite word, what would that be?
You got it.
I think you have to be Jewish to
actually pronounce that C-H correctly.
But, you know,
one of the qualifications to follow in
Moshe's footsteps is to have a speech
impediment.
So I do.
I get to mispronounce it.
And being Jewish, my lovely wife,
who stepped out with Kara for a moment,
she is very good at this.
She's always chastising me.
So you don't pronounce it incorrectly.
Right.
It sounds like you're trying to spit
something up when you pronounce it.
Yeah, correctly.
You know, it's interesting, Craig.
You mentioned from the beginning,
just from the name Yahowah,
which is where many of us got our
start.
You go to the third statement,
the one that's etched in stone in the
perfect,
the only one in the perfect tense.
And again, I'll bring up that word.
It's the one where if you don't get
it right and you bring his name to
nothingness,
you are doomed to be forsaken again.
Unforgivable.
Negating the value of Yahowah's name,
which is what has been done in all
three of the Abrahamic religions, Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam.
They have negated the value of Yahowah's
name.
In Israel today,
no one will say Yahowah's name.
The entire nation has negated Yahowah's
name, and it's unforgivable.
And you don't get a second chance at
it.
This cult that we call it a clique
now that will demean as we move forward
in this.
It's one of the very first things they
did.
They changed Yahowah's name to accommodate
their absurdity that there was a mother
God.
And that they were speaking for said
Mother God.
So they changed Yahowah's name to
accommodate their misconceptions.
And that is unforgivable.
Now, God did not say that was damnable.
It was unforgivable.
And damnable is a very different thing.
Unforgivable means that at the end of your
life,
depending on other things that you've
done, your soul will cease to exist.
Damnable, azab,
means that you're going to the place of
separation,
which is an eternity in Sheowl hell.
They are different things.
And negating the value or changing
Yahowah's name to mislead,
while it's unforgivable,
doesn't necessarily mean that the result
will be the cessation of your soul,
the dissipation of your soul.
Because I think most people who are
aggressive in that posture will have
committed enough religious malfeasance to
have led enough people astray that their
souls will go to Sheowl as a result
of it.
But this is one of many references here
to Chazaq.
God is not looking for humble.
And we had, remember,
a whole group of women and even an
effeminate man who were all hung up over
modesty and humility and meekness.
And because those are religious concepts,
then it feels good to people to be
meek and humble.
But that's not God's nature.
He is absolutely unequivocally not looking
for someone who is meek or humble.
He is looking for someone who is Chazaq.
And if you can't be Chazaq,
chances are you're not going to be part
of the team going forward working with
them.
That doesn't mean you can't be part of
the covenant.
It's just that you aren't going to be
engaged and accomplish anything
meaningful.
God is saying a lot of things here
that are very specific to the Tsadaqah ani,
this one who is right about God,
about Yahowah,
and vindicates along with God,
and that he is going to come and
that God's going to bring into the
forefront so that people notice who he is
and listen to him.
It says that he is Asheri, and
every time I see that in an important
statement, my first response is, okay,
that's quite an affirmation.
I mean,
when you've written twenty-five thousand
pages of translations,
and you see an important prophecy that
begins with the first word you translated,
It's reassuring,
may not mean anything to anybody else,
but it certainly is reassuring to me and
the message of it is very compelling.
So blessed by the benefits of the
relationship and joyous and productive by
showing the proper way.
Is this person a mortal man?
He is an Enosh.
God's trying to make it clear to you
that he is not going to do what
Christians have claimed,
become a man and somehow communicate as a
man.
He said, no, it's not going to happen.
No, the Tsadaqah ani,
the one who is right about Yahowah,
is a man.
He is flesh and blood.
He is not God.
He is not a supernatural spirit.
He's a man.
And for the past six thousand years,
when God's wanted to communicate with
humans,
he has picked a man through whom to
communicate is how God operates.
And this is no exception.
So understand that God is telling you that
the Tsadaqah Ani,
the one who was right about Yahowah.
is a mortal man and the thing that
is unique about him is not only right
about god and therefore vindicating uh but
that he also shows the way to receive
the benefits of the relationship which
which is what ashery means you just you
just put to death a fundamental Christian
concept if I'm correct known as a
theophany yeah there's no theophany no no
uh Kevin what are you gonna say
Well,
and that's what was most striking to me
earlier with this new translation of
Tsadaqah going through that is he even goes
and comes back.
Right.
Yeah.
So, yes.
That's that's back to the two the two
lives thing again.
You know that.
Yeah.
One other.
Every covenant member will get two lives.
There are three people in God's story that
have three lives.
By the way,
any one of the people with two lives,
you do not want to covet or be
jealous because there are three fellows
that have three lives because the second
of those three lives is pretty rough.
Look what happened to Toad in that second
of three lives.
He was crucified and then his soul went
into Sheowl, hell.
I just want to ride on your boat.
I don't want to boat myself.
Nobody, nobody wants to be envious here.
Yeah.
They're talking about, uh,
when we go forward here, there will be,
um, uh,
there are three fellows that will have
earned a place at the, at the table,
uh, with the Yahowah underneath Dowd,
of course, but, uh,
because they'll have skin in the game
quite literally.
Uh,
Elia is the goat whose blood is sacrificed
to anoint the mercy seat for this remnant
of Yisrael on Kipurym as Dowd returns.
And Yada, he is the anima para.
He is that brutal sacrifice that takes
place on Taruwah.
And Dowd, it was the Passover lamb.
So the second of the three lives of
these fellows are all pretty gruesome.
But there are, in fact,
three lives for each of those three
individuals.
And they're represented by a ram, a goat,
an elia, and a bull, and yada.
And that story is pervasive all the way
through the Towrah and prophets.
So blessed by the benefits of the
relationship,
joyous and productive by showing the way
is the person.
This is a mortal man who acts and
engages.
That makes him unique.
He's not just a wallflower.
His goal in life was not to be
an influencer.
His goal in life was to be observant,
to think, to be right, to learn,
to share what he had learned,
and to make a difference.
He's very action-oriented.
My wife will accuse me of that all
the time.
It's always...
Time is money.
We're trying to get this done.
Let's focus on the objective.
Who acts and engages with unfolding
implications over time.
That means it was written in the imperfect
mood.
I'm perfect conjugation, I should say.
Because this son of man.
Oh, Christ is the son of man.
Because, well,
son of man is used all the way
through Ezekiel.
And Jesus,
he claimed to be the son of man.
He's the only one problem.
Jesus never existed.
Yeah.
Son of man just means, again,
I'm trying to tell you that this fellow
is a descendant of Adam.
which means he's going to have a
conscience.
That's a good thing.
But he's a descendant of Adam.
Why?
Because he's trying to rectify the issues
of Adam so that when you're given the
opportunity to go back into the garden,
you can do better than Adam.
Okay,
so he is a descendant of Adam for
the express purpose of pointing out what
was wrong with Adam so that when you
are brought back into the garden,
we're all going to be working
collaboratively at that time.
We can...
help people be much better than Adam.
I'd also point out this can't be Jesus
because the term used just before this was
Enoch,
which specifically speaks of a mortal man.
Correct.
You can't have God be a mortal man.
No, you can't.
But by the way,
you can't have God be a man either.
Not only is the term mortal and the
antithesis of Jesus being a God,
but
Let me just be really clear.
There is a zero percent possibility that
God became a man.
It's physically impossible.
And it would be astonishingly demeaning.
God works through man.
He speaks through man.
He is not a man.
And you're Jewish there, Dr. Jeff.
Are you responsible for killing God?
Do you have a superpower that I don't
know about?
I think not.
If we were,
I think we should be the ones who
would be worshipped.
No, I think so.
If you had the superpower that you could
kill God,
then you should be the ones who are
worshipped.
But that was the line both in Acts
and in Paul's letters that he accused Jews
of killing the Christian God.
And so they should be dehumanized.
But the fact of the matter is God
can't die and no man is ever going
to kill God.
All right.
Anyway,
the amount of the amount of Yehudi blood
that has been spilled as a result of
that of that lie.
And of course,
it was the Romans which became the Roman
Catholic Church that did it.
I mean,
both for the fake Jesus and for the
real Messiah.
It was the Romans who became the Roman
Catholic Church.
Blood spilled over a mythological myth.
Yeah.
What'd you say there, J.B. ?
I said, yeah,
we can call you the person who killed
Jesus because you killed the myth of
Jesus.
I did.
I take a lot of credit for that.
I have killed the myth of Jesus.
I would do it again.
For Christians,
if you're looking for somebody to accuse
for killing Jesus, it wasn't the Jews.
I'm a guy.
It was me.
I killed him.
I killed Jesus.
Absolutely unequivocally.
I'll take full responsibility for it and
be very proud of it.
I killed Jesus.
Including baby Jesus?
Baby Jesus, adult Jesus, mythical Jesus,
gospel Jesus, all Jesuses I killed.
Bottom line here, I mean,
it's absolutely true.
The five books of Twistianity,
this is one of five volumes,
I absolutely and unequivocally killed
Jesus.
The ironic thing is that the Goyim who
think otherwise should be thanking you.
Yeah, they should be.
But the Goyim who believe in mythical
Jesus should be thanking me for saving
them from that lie so they don't lose
their soul to it.
And Jews should be thanking me for
accepting responsibility for what they've
been blamed for,
killing Jesus because I did it.
Hey, but, you know,
the good news is the only thanks that
I was looking for was from Yahowah.
And he is very appreciative.
And Dowd, oh, my God, my king.
He is ecstatic that I finally killed
Jesus.
So, you know, I'm delighted.
My wife has wanted to do it for
a very, very long time.
And so, you know,
there are some people that are pleased
with it.
And I'm tickled.
myself to have.
Yasha'yah is moonwalking.
Yeah.
And we're not, by the way,
totally mocking this.
The fact of the matter is it's absolutely
true.
It killed Jesus.
The first person to ever do it.
I proved conclusively that Jesus never
existed,
that he was nothing but a crude
counterfeit of the actual Messiah,
son of God, chosen one and savior dote.
which means that Paul made him up.
And I even explained how Paul made him
up in fifty two CE.
And the reason that Paul never quotes
anything from him is because, well,
he didn't exist.
And the first gospel,
which is the term that Paul conceived,
the first two are written by Paul's
accomplices, Mark and Luke,
ten years after Paul's death.
So there was no gospel Jesus to quote
because gospel Jesus wouldn't exist.
for another ten years after Paul's death,
after Paul had already written the first
fourteen books of the Christian New
Testament.
That's how bad this whole lie is.
You know, Shabbat thinks you're good, too.
Yeah.
Imagine this, though,
that the person who invented Jesus, Paul,
never once quoted him.
He claims that he was chosen by Jesus
for all mankind,
and he never once quotes him.
What do you think the odds are for
that to be true?
And their first alleged meeting is said to
Jesus strikes him lame and blind.
That's some kind of God, huh?
Isn't that how he approached Moshe?
No.
God's first say, hey, Moshe,
come here and take off your shoes,
get comfortable.
This is a really important place.
Then we're going to have a nice
discussion.
And Moshe and he had a nice discussion.
And God says,
I want you to go do this.
And Moshe said, nope, nope,
not going back, not going to do that.
And God kept on pushing him and pushing
him because he was the only person on
the planet that was qualified to do that
job.
So God didn't have a backup plan.
It was going to be Moshe.
And so Moshe's final retort was,
like that crag guy that doesn't speak very
well, you shouldn't do better than me.
And God's retort to that was, hey, Moshe.
Who made your mouth?
I'm God.
You might have heard of me.
I made your mouth.
You think I can make it work?
And what do you say to that?
Yeah.
I'm going to tell you.
OK, let's go.
Yeah, let's go.
A few times I tried to to argue
with God over something and say, yeah,
I'm not so sure I understand why that
is that way.
Or, you know,
what are we going to do here?
You just you are never going to win
an argument with God ever.
Best not try.
You can have fun with him.
He'll pull your leg and he'll be sarcastic
and have fun with you.
But you just aren't going to win an
argument.
That's the whole issue where I said I
read that and I said, God,
can you back off a little bit?
I mean,
we're getting it's going to be a little
overwhelming here of all this
responsibility and all of this attention.
A little less of it might be more
comfortable.
And but after a while you say, OK,
you know, I'm I'm.
We've been doing this for twenty four
years.
You've never steered me wrong at any of
that time.
And look where it's led us.
I'm happy to continue along.
Where do you want to go next?
So this then says that because this son
of man, the son of Adam,
is a lone man,
he will be exceedingly firm.
He's going to be Chazaq because I'm going
all in with one guy.
That's what God's telling you here.
And because I'm going all in with one
guy,
you need to know that this one guy
is going to be that one that I've
described as the bull.
Bulls are Chazaq.
You're never going to meet a bull that
isn't Chazaq.
No, they don't make meek bulls.
They don't make timid bulls.
They don't make humble bulls.
Bulls are bulls.
And he's saying that this man is
exceptionally firm, resolute, empowered,
strengthened, restoring, has conviction,
resolve.
These are the traits.
Those traits drive a lot of people crazy,
both insecure women in particular,
but also insecure men are just driven nuts
by confidence because they don't have any
and they crave it.
They're drawn to it.
And then they're so uncomfortable in his
presence that they will do everything to
try to destroy the person that exhibits
it.
And they will always mislabel confidence
cockiness.
Always.
And it's a great travesty of human nature
to do that because to speak for Yahowah,
the currency of the person who speaks for
Yahowah must be confidence.
There's another title there that just came
to mind.
Isn't there The Rod of Divine Justice?
A what now?
The Divine Rod of Justice.
Yes.
Yeah, there is a,
it's a part of the, uh,
the Choder concept and it's presented
elsewhere, uh, that the, uh,
the Choder is, um,
is a divine rod of, uh, of justice.
He is,
he has been given delegated through Yahowah
and through Dowd,
the responsibility of executing judgment.
And I would be really careful with that.
I don't have to be careful with it
because I'm committed to doing what God
wants.
I'm not going to vary from what God
wants to do.
I've modeled myself,
every ounce of my thinking in response
trying to be consistent with god's nature
so I'm not going to do anything that's
outside of his nature and I'm going to
have the Malak to present all of the
evidence and and by that time the mind
is going to work much better than it
does today even uh and they're going to
have a copy of the Towrah written inside
of me and I'm going to have all
you guys to uh there to help and
We're going to get this done.
But there are some things you can do
to God that would cause God to respond
far more harshly than he would under other
circumstances.
And that is injure his people or demean
his son.
And in my case,
you can demean my wife and you can
see how I respond to that.
And there's a group of people out there
that are devoted to undermining me by
demeaning my wife.
just as Miriam did to Moshe.
And I can tell you how Yahowah responded
to Miriam,
which was to restrict her with leprosy,
spit in her face,
and exile her from the community,
and then lecture her.
And I can tell you how I'm going
to deal with the group that has decided
to disparage my wife.
And it's not going to be pretty.
I'm not going to forgive or forget or
overlook.
He did something that was horrible.
Despicable.
So it continues.
By closely examining,
there's that word again, Shemar,
and carefully considering the Shabbat as
the promise of seven.
Thereby avoiding defiling and profaning it
by making it common,
he is being observant and careful,
attentive and aware.
Starts with Shemar, ends with Shemar,
and has Shabbat and Chalal in the middle
of it.
This is one of the very significant
departures of what we have learned and
have been consistent with this from the
very beginning.
And that is that the Shabbat is not
do nothing day.
That the religious are wrong by making
Shabbat a day that there are ten thousand
things that you cannot do.
And what religious Jews have done in
Judaism is make the Shabbat common among
Jews because they made it religious,
which is the most common theme among Jews.
That's what God says, don't do that.
To Shemar is a verb, is it not?
Are verbs actionable?
Absolutely.
That is why they're verbs, isn't it?
See, Rich knows.
Yeah, Rich is something.
They're verbs.
In fact,
there are three verbs in this sentence.
And a word, Shabbat,
which also is a verb.
So it's really verb, verb, verb, verb.
And the...
Doubled verb shamar is very actionable.
Shamar means to closely examine and
carefully consider.
And it was written twice.
That's actionable, isn't it?
So if you were to use the Shabbat
to closely examine and carefully consider
Yahowah's testimony so that you understand
it better and you could share it,
would that be a violation of the Shabbat
or a proper use of the Shabbat?
I think I made a proper use.
Yeah,
so when I work seven days a week
at this and I use,
as I will tomorrow,
I'm going to make more progress on
translating and understanding.
And I've done that now for...
uh well over a decade that's not a
violation of the shabbat that's a proper
use of the shabbat and one of the
reasons we know that the shabbat is
actionable is because god would be a
hypocrite if he told us to do one
thing and he did another wouldn't that be
true so the single most important day thus
far in human history would be what day
of Matsah.
Fulfillment of Matsah in thirty-three C.E.
by Dowd when Yahowah loaded the guilt of
every covenant member on Dowd's soul and
dispatched Dowd with his Ruach spirit into
Sheowl to deposit our guilt in what is
equivalent to a black hole never to be
seen again so that we would appear
innocent in God's view, tzedakah,
vindicated and acquitted.
What day of the week was that?
It was on a Shabbat, wasn't it?
Okay,
there's two upcoming harvests and two days
that we could potentially experience the
full ramifications of Shabuwah.
And May twenty-second is one of them at
twenty-twenty-six.
What day of the week is that?
Shabbat,
and the eleventh of June in twenty twenty
seven,
which is the other potential for for
fulfillment of of Shabbat.
What day of the week is that?
Shabbat.
Who's going to be doing the harvesting?
The Qatsyr.
Well, on the earth, it's the cat seer.
And in Shamaym, it's Shabuwah, right?
Yeah, that's correct.
So I would think that harvesting would be
considered work, wouldn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Harvesting is work.
Okay, so we got that part down too.
And it's Shabuwah who is harvesting on
Shabuwah.
And that's Shabuwah.
He's engaged, isn't he?
Now, why can't rabbis think this through?
Now, Taruwah, which is the day of days,
the greatest show on earth.
I mean,
everything that can possibly happen
happens on Taruwah.
The earth is going to be terraformed back
in the conditions of Eden.
All traces of religion or politics are
gone.
All potential candidates to benefit from
the sacrifice of the Adam of Parah are
brought into Jerusalem from around the
world.
God's going to ignite the fires,
release the waters,
and have Elia orchestrate the sacrifice of
the Adam of Parah.
All of these things are going to happen.
So he purges his people of the
religiosity.
All of these happen on the twenty second
and twenty third of September of twenty
thirty three.
Does anybody have a calendar handy?
What day of the week is to ruin
twenty thirty three or six thousand years?
It'd be a Shabbat.
That's going to be the single most active
day of all days in all of history
for Yahowah,
when he's going to do more than he
will do on any other day and all
of time.
And it is a...
Shabbat.
Okay.
And then we're allowed back into the
garden where all of this gives us the
opportunity to get it right and to prove
that we're worthy of God's attention.
That's going to be on the seventh of
October of twenty thirty three to the
backdrop of a full lunar eclipse.
What day is October seventh of twenty
thirty three?
Shabbat.
Shabbat again.
So do you think God's violating the
Shabbat?
No.
The rabbis don't have a tzitzit to stand
on, and they don't shema,
and they don't Shemar.
They don't do either.
They don't know Shamach.
Okay.
They are Shamachs.
Yeah, they are Shamachs.
Okay,
by closely examining and carefully
considering the Shabbat as the promise of
seven.
Now,
what this means is that there are three
concepts that are conveyed by Shabbat.
Seven.
Seventh day of the week.
Seventh.
And there's seven epics of life from the
garden and finally to our release to the
universe.
It plays off over seven thousand years.
Six plus one equals seven.
Six thousand years,
the number of man plus a thousand years
within God's company during the
celebration of Sukkah ends up at the
eighth octave where we get to go explore
the universe.
That would be seven.
So we're we're approaching that time,
are we not?
And so we have an understanding of it.
And how many,
how many Mowed Miqraey are there to get
us there?
Seven of those.
And how many Ruach spirits of Yahowah does
the Choder have?
Seven.
We got a theme going here.
So,
Don't forget the menorah.
How about the menorah?
There you go.
Right on, Kirk.
Yeah.
So God has a plan that plays out
over seven thousand years with seven Mowed
Mekre.
And he's communicated now with a man
through whom he has enabled with the seven
spirits of Yahowah.
And we're right in the midst of that.
God says right at the time he's going
to deliver salvation.
So that's another part of it.
And Shabbat also means one other thing in
Hebrew.
It's not only the seventh day and seven
and the Shabbat, that day of the week,
but it means one other thing.
What is that?
Promise.
That's correct.
So he's closely examining and carefully
considering the promise.
He is closely examining and carefully
consider this plan of seven, the meaning,
the preponderance of seven and promise.
He's working,
doing what Yahowah wants done, engaging,
which was the last verb,
by being observant on the Shabbat.
So that's why we look at it that
way.
And then the next verb that follows, men,
chalal, hu.
It isn't chalal being negated.
It's being distanced from.
Men would mean apart from, distanced from,
as opposed to lo,
which would create a negation of the verb.
And in this case, hu.
What he is doing is avoiding making it
profane.
Profane means to be common.
What's the most common thing among men and
has been for six thousand years?
Religion.
Right.
So he's not treating the Shabbat like a
religious occasion, is he?
Interesting thoughts that God is conveying
here.
Then it goes on.
So his hands, it's hand sin.
Singular in the Masoretic hands,
plural in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
And especially that which he influences
will be kept from acting upon or engaging
in anything unjust, immoral,
or irrational, troubling, or distressful.
Kol Ra.
Well, that's a big deal.
That means that this fellow who's supposed
to be the tree of knowledge of good
and bad,
himself is not going to engage in anything
that would be considered unjust, immoral,
irrational, troublesome, or distressful.
Now,
since the best example of a human of
all time, according to God, is Dowd.
And Dowd had, what,
eight wives and ten concubines?
God's not talking about immorality here as
fornication, is he?
No, no, no.
And, uh, uh, Dowd, um,
did some things that would be really
inappropriate.
He had his general,
didn't have him killed,
but he sent him out on a mission
where it was likely that he would die
because he coveted his wife.
And he sent some people on a very
reckless mission because he longed for the
taste of the water from Bethlehem.
God gave him three choices of options and
he chose the worst of the three at
one occasion.
So Dowd made some inappropriate decisions.
So
God can't be talking about making mistakes
here, could he?
And just how does...
He'll never make a mistake,
and he will never do anything that society
might...
And just how does one come up with
two hundred foreskins for a wife?
I mean,
that's not exactly something that I would
think of as good, right?
How does a guy come up with two
hundred foreskins for a wife, right?
There was lots of...
Yeah.
Lots of killing.
Yeah, it's lots of killing.
So what God is talking about is the
big picture.
What's the big picture?
What would God view as the single most
unjust, immoral, and irrational,
troubling,
and distrustful thing we can do?
Be wrong.
Well, not just be wrong, but be religious.
Be religious.
Yeah.
If we're individually wrong,
it's not that big a deal.
If we are wrong because we make a
mistake because we didn't understand all
of the evidence and we go back later
and we learn more and we correct our
mistake,
that's a sign that God's looking for.
That's a sign that we can be trusted.
Right.
Yeah, we're honorable, we have integrity,
and we can be trusted when you go
through that.
Evil from God's point of view, immoral,
irrational, distressful,
is promoting religion,
negating the value of Yahowah's name,
negating the contributions that were made
by his son, Dowd, promoting false gods,
the militaristic nature of politics.
being patriotic and therefore looking at
your nation as superior so that you can
influence and impose yourself on other
people.
That would be unjust.
What the colonists did when they came to
the Americas and essentially wiped out the
native populations.
That was unjust.
So there's a lot of things you can
do that are unjust.
But what Scott's saying is that I'm going
to keep
this man from doing anything that would be
considered raw, evil, religious,
misleading regarding me.
And he has.
So Asher reveals that not only that this
man will be blessed by God,
and that's a nice thing,
but also that he will be claimed for
revealing the proper way to receive the
benefits of the relationship.
First person ever to render Asher in that
manner.
Then with Enosh,
we know that Yahowah is working with and
through a mortal man.
That is his preference.
The individual's notoriety is a function
of his willingness to a Shah.
So this is an active individual.
He engages.
He acts upon what God wants accomplished.
That was the thing that distinguished
Noah, was it not?
He listened to God and then did what
God asked him to do.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, listen and do.
And he has,
this particular fellow has a tremendous
capacity to shamar.
He closely examines and carefully
considers everything Yahowah has revealed.
God and man will be collaborating in this
way at this time for this purpose,
which is to deliver salvation to those who
are also desirous of being right.
So we're reminded that God's preference,
which is to work with him and through
men,
this individual presented is yet again
shown to be masculine, Enosh,
and singular,
which would be the son of Adam.
And the verb Chazaq was scribed masculine
singular.
And regarding him,
Yahowah reveals that he is Chazaq.
He has got manly man characteristics from
God's point of view.
God likes manly man characteristics.
You know,
there are women who are resolute and
that's great,
but it's more masculine
prone verb than it would be typically
feminine.
And so Chazaq would mean resolute,
uncompromising,
firm to the point of being harsh at
times even.
He is unyielding and tough.
He's a man of conviction and resolve.
He can't be in politics because he is
not compromising.
God doesn't want him to compromise.
And as a result, working with Yahowah,
this mortal man will prevail in the
mission of restoring God's people.
Yahowah has designated Yada as a par,
as a bull.
And that's largely because he must be
Chazaq.
He's got to be bullish to succeed.
This tough damn job is a hard audience.
And there is no backup plan for this.
As we've said, you know,
God's got all in on this.
So that's Yahowah's position.
And as is the case with Hanakri,
the observant foreigner, this son of man,
will shamar.
He will survey and contemplate all that
Yahowah has to offer and his approach to
the Shabbat and to God's promise of seven
will be to remain particularly attentive
and aware so that it is never defiled
by becoming ordinary and common and thus
religious.
For him,
the Shabbat will be the ultimate
opportunity to shamar,
to explore and examine.
Yeah, it was testimony.
It's the day we do that.
We are excited to be able to do
that.
By being observant and resolute,
right and engaged,
this Enosh Ben Adam will deliver Tob,
good rather than raw, bad fruit.
Yahowah,
based upon his commitment to all of the
above,
says that he will be unique among men
because his every influence is going to be
appropriate, moral, rational,
all the time completely avoiding anything
that is viewed as counterproductive or
troubling, distressful.
Now, I have spoken of fruit here,
not only because the Etz Da'ath and the
garden offered fruit,
knowledge of tobe good and raw bad and
that the choder of Yasha'yah eleven
represents this tree but because Yahowah
will soon designate this man as an Etz
tree as we move through this testimony god
tells this rebellious clique of what he is
now referring to as demonic women horse
He says that your problem is that you've
been barking up,
and he does use the term barking,
you're barking up the wrong tree.
And he's specific about the tree.
So they have been barking up the wrong
tree.
And he is thereby tying Genesis second,
the second chapter of Genesis together
with Isaiah, and now here, Isaiah .
So up to this point,
it has been obvious that Yahowah has been
addressing his Nakar,
his observant foreigner.
He is the one through whom God restores
his Shem, Naim, Bekor, firstborn son,
Towrah, guidance and teaching, and Beryth,
covenant family.
Through his Mowedym,
his restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony, once his Yahushua,
deliverance and salvation are near.
Do not say,
This is,
I just pause here because sometimes when
you see things,
you just take a deep breath and say,
yeah, God really did say that, didn't he?
Do not say regarding ha-Nakar,
the observant son of a foreign land,
the one who knows and understands through
thoughtful examination and then
acknowledges by being discerning and
respectful.
Do not say regarding ha-Nakar.
who has formed a relationship with and is
joined to Yahowah.
Something which would infer,
Yahowah will surely abandon me,
preventing me from being included as part
of his family.
And do not let the saris.
Oh,
this is another one that just pierces the
gut.
This esteemed and authorized official
designee say,
what then if I become a withered and
unproductive tree,
an incapacitated counselor or paralyzed
messenger?
I read this and it's all I can
do to keep the bull from crying.
You know, he has delivered him.
His Nakar, somebody that gets vastly,
vastly,
overwhelmingly more prophetic ink than the
Mashiach.
Overwhelmingly so, not even close.
Why is everybody looking for a returning
Messiah when God speaks over and over
again about his presentation and the
arrival of a Nakar?
That's a good question, right?
Yeah, yeah.
It's all over the place, Nakar,
Nakar this, Nakar that,
here it is again.
Ha-Nakry, Ha-Nakar, yeah.
Yeah, everywhere.
So Yahowah has delivered his Nakar,
observant foreigner,
to correct his people's propensity to be
religious and wrong,
thereby reconcile the relationship.
This title is first presented in the Towrah
when his purpose is proclaimed in
Deuteronomy
And that one's the full chapter devoted to
him in the Towrah.
He is also acknowledged in Second
Chronicles six,
which is one of the most powerful
prophecies ever issued.
In this case, Ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
is distinguished by his Lo'ah.
Doesn't get better than that.
What God is saying with Lo'ah is that
his Nakar is engaged in a close and
personal, enduring,
unbreakable relationship with him,
with Yahowah.
You know,
I think if I were to pick somebody,
if I wanted to pick somebody to fight
with, that would not be my first choice.
When God says,
this guy's got a personal and close,
unbreakable relationship with me, I say,
okay, you know.
Let's not fight over this.
That's okay.
That's pretty good.
Yahowah and ha-Nakar,
they're united in purpose and in spirit so
much so that God has given ha-Nakar his
seven Ruach spirits,
including the very spirit of Yahowah.
Read it in Yasha'yah eleven.
His seven Ruach spirits,
including the spirit of Yahowah,
are afforded to the Choder,
and he is also given the Ruach of
Chokmah, intelligence.
Bina, understanding.
Etza,
comprehensive counsel on the entire story
as part of that tree of knowledge.
Gabuwrah, courage, conviction.
And Yara, respect for Yara.
ha-Nakar, as the son of a foreign land,
was chosen for this mission because when
God witnessed the ongoing defiance of his
people, not only throughout the Exodus,
including that final meltdown at Meribah,
he surmised the inevitable.
the rebellion would continue such that
there wouldn't be a Yahuwd who would listen
and respond to him.
And therefore the prophecies regarding
Ha-Nakar and Ha-Nakry are prolific.
And they are all directed towards these
harvests and the restoration of God's
relationship with his people.
And this means that Yahowah knew this
tzedakah, one who is correct about him,
as an Enosh, as a mortal man,
and a Ben-Adam, descendant of Adam,
would arrive as Ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
in advance of his deliverance and
salvation.
And he would form an enduring relationship
with him.
And he spoke of this over three millennia
before it was tangibly manifest in
space-time.
That's pretty freaky,
I wanna tell you something.
When you read something like that,
and that God told this story,
three thousand five hundred years ago,
or in the case of speaking through
Yasha'yah,
two thousand seven hundred years ago,
and make sure, pay attention.
Describing him further,
God says that he is a saris.
He is esteemed, he's authorized.
He's the one officially designated by
Yahowah.
But even more than this,
we discover that his foes wish to saris,
castrate him.
Yeah, the word means to castrate.
What is the animal that men castrate?
Bulls.
They become oxen.
A bull is an ox, isn't it?
They castrate bulls,
making them oxen so they can control them.
What is the designation that Yahowah has
given for this role?
Parah.
Bull.
Bokor.
I'll tell you what,
that'll get your attention.
So you're trying to keep a bull from
being productive,
which is what Parah means.
It's a productive bull.
And you want to control him.
You castrate him.
So as a result of his collaboration with
Yahowah,
Yahuwdym are asked to forego their
defiance.
God is returning and he wants to restore
his relationship with his people before
that occurs.
Reconciliation is at hand.
Simply stop being rebellious and nothing
will prevent the Israelites from being
included within the covenant family.
This is the mission of Ha-Nakar.
It's the purpose of Yada Yahowah and the
Yahowah vlog all presented at YadaYah.com.
So with everything writing literally on
this one relationship,
including the viability of the covenant,
the continued existence of life on this
planet,
Yahowah has a message for Ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner.
God's official designee must not ask,
must not even consider.
What then?
If I become a withered and unproductive
Etz tree, an incapacitated counselor,
a paralyzed messenger, what happens then?
What happens if I take the time off?
happens if i give up what happens if
i have a Moshe moment until god i
can't do this anymore game over there's no
time for a anyone to second guess this
for doubt for a reprieve to cease even
being productive on the shabbat there is
no time for a Moshe outburst god kill
me i can't do this a
people you want me to communicate to are
way too embittered and impossible.
And clearly Moshe buckled under the
pressure of constant embitterment and
ridicule, which is what I face every day.
Some might call it coincidence,
but I would not have identified with the
Etz tree or understood the consequences of
it yabesh,
of it withering and drying up as
unproductive had it not been for the
relentless slander of the mother goddesses
and their clique.
And because that has been those who have
sought to castrate Yahowah's bull.
But as a result of their opposition to
ha-Nakar, they're calling this Apis,
the bull cult now,
God directed my attention to his response
in Miriam's rebellion in Numbers XII,
a year ago at this time.
Then to Michael's meltdown in Second
Samuel six,
which they also seek to domain by citing
a variation of the presentation from
Chronicles written three,
four hundred years later.
And of course,
then to Chawah in Genesis two,
which we have presented as a model for
this rebellious woman.
As this individual twisted Yahowah's
testimony to become a goddess, Chawah did,
and which is the purpose of that cult.
It was then that I discovered that the
Etz Da'ath,
tree of knowledge in the garden.
and the Choders' receipt of the spirit of
Etzah.
Pursuant to Da'ath in Isaiah,
in the description of the seven spirits of
Yahowah,
there's no denying they're one and the
same.
And from this perspective,
and only this vantage point,
that is the only way this prophecy can
be understood.
When God said this individual does not
have the luxury to ever wonder what would
happen if his productivity as a tree dries
up, as the tree of knowledge.
You don't get that luxury.
Not that it's a luxury,
but you can't do that.
Don't look for a respite.
Don't look for time off.
Don't, don't look for an alternative.
Don't say, God,
it's more than I can do.
You need somebody else.
No, this is,
I'm going to give you the team that
you need around you to get this done.
You get it done.
I'll give you the health to get it
done.
You get it done.
No, no options here.
I mean,
that's really humbling when you read that.
I don't mean to say humbling in that
sense because God wants Gabor.
He wants us to be firm and resolute.
But that's a deep breath kind of moment,
isn't it?
Yeah.
So we must continue to be productive.
So God provided this advice for his people
and for this day.
How you respond now is up to you.
In a world rife with international and
irrational and immoral thought police
muddled in conspiracy theories while
greatly outnumbered,
our message will not be drowned out.
By the many complainers and critics are
muted too soon.
By the resolutely political
Fortunately,
God is not going to allow his witness
to be drowned out or suppressed.
Together with the family,
Yahowah has provided to buttress and enable
his Nakar.
At this time, we're going to prevail.
As JB,
you said very early in the process,
God's already written the final answer.
We achieve what he wants accomplished,
but we do so because we're relentless.
And even in the face of unrelenting
censorship,
which we have all the way through social
media,
seeking to debilitate our efforts and
reach and silence God's voice,
as a result of this Seattle blog
collaboration,
something we live stream every week,
sometimes twice a day,
we can celebrate God's assessment
To the contrary,
this is what Yahowah says on behalf of
the saris,
this esteemed and authorized official
designee who have been subject to
castration and as a result of the
positions they have taken as leaders.
but they will provide guidance regarding
the benefits of the relationship by being
consistently observant and act and
actively attentive while actually
exploring and investigating my seven
shabbat promises so they have chosen
preferring at this time my will and my
appreciation
revealing the correct path to the benefits
of the relationship.
Therefore,
they are positioned to be overpowering and
intense, uncompromising and firm,
unrelenting and effective.
Chazaq, with my covenant, with my family.
Firm, resolute, with my family.
You know,
it's interesting that in Yirmiyat,
verse thirty-one,
He's talking about the reaffirmation of
his covenant.
And he says that's going to take place
between Yisrael and Yahuwdym.
And then he goes on to say there's
going to be a difference between the way
that I treated the covenant during the
exodus from Mitzrayim and the way that I
will respond upon my return when I write
a copy of my Towrah inside of my
people.
And he says the difference is that during
the exodus,
I
took them kicking and screaming with a
firm hand.
God says that he operated in a Chazaq
manner.
And the reason is because they didn't know
him.
They didn't like him.
And God had a job to do.
He had to get them to the promised
land and didn't matter what they wanted.
At this point,
free will was less important than
accomplishing the mission.
He had to be resolute with them.
And God said,
I'm not going to do that this time.
So he picked somebody that would.
Still the only approach that works.
He says, you know,
there will be those of you who capitalize
on Shabu and Taruwah and are harvested,
and those of you who do,
you will have done so by choice and
intellect.
You're not going to be brought in cooking
and screaming.
But those who are finally purged on
Taruwah,
God's going to pick them up from around
the world and bring them into Jerusalem.
They're going to know as much about God
as the children of Israel did during the
Exodus, which is nothing.
And so the only way to deal with
them is to be firm.
And so when we start with this remnant,
God's expecting us to be as he was.
So he doesn't have to go through this
again.
Now it's our responsibility.
to be firm with them, to be unrelenting.
We have to have the courage to say
that the rabbis are wrong.
And Israel,
if you continue to esteem your rabbis and
be influenced by Judaism,
you will never meet Yahowah.
If you value Hanukkah, you're done.
If you think it's appropriate to have a
nine candle menorah,
then you're no different than those that
built the golden calf.
Craig, you're the antidote, again,
the reversal agent for rabbinical Judaism.
Yeah, I am.
And might I say,
as we're on the cusp,
and we're going full circle here,
back to Chazak and Gabor,
and as we're into this new Gregorian year,
and on the cusp of the birth pangs
of the Etz Sarah,
look at what our fellow Yahuwdym
are dealing with in New York.
Wake up call.
Oh,
I saw that so many times today as
he put on his sweatshirt, Free Palestine,
and he was pontificating Marxist slogans
about the collective.
And my first response was to say that
one of the lines that I've used many,
many times, I authored this thought,
that men and women have the capacity
individually to be good or bad.
But collectively, men are always bad.
And that is the nature of communism and
socialism and why it always fails.
The collective always brings out the worst
in men.
And the next thing I had to say
is that he swore in on a Quran.
The Quran is the worst book ever written.
It's murderous.
It's demented.
Allah is modeled after Satan.
It values killing.
There isn't a single redeeming statement
in it.
It's horrid.
And that's what he swore to.
And so this is not a problem because
he is a Muslim Marxist.
Worst of both worlds.
it is because a majority of New Yorkers
voted for him.
That they are so out of touch with
reality.
And let's be clear,
he was elected because of women and
immature people under the age of of thirty
five that aren't thinking.
So we have a generation of unthinking
people under thirty in the United States.
who are just completely lost.
And women who are,
you look at the results of who voted
for him.
Without women voting for him,
he is not elected.
And so you just have to say,
what's wrong?
What's wrong with women?
Why would you do such a terrible thing?
This is a great travesty and to have
a man that's that anti-Semitic and who is
a Marxist and a Muslim over the state
of New York after a nine eleven and
you elect a Muslim.
I mean,
it just says that you have no capacity
to to reason.
That's why this world has to come to
a conclusion.
Now, if we waited another generation,
be impossible, be no one to reason with.
we're not for the gray and uh and
uh our chins here uh uh kirk and
uh Kevin uh rich you've got more than
your share too um yeah I'm sorry but
that's the audience is growing old uh and
while there will be some younger people
that will be brought in as babes on
Taruwah those harvested are going to be
mature it's
which is the younger people don't think
anymore.
They're incapable of being judgmental.
They're too lazy to actually engage in
work.
They feel entitled.
So that's kind of where we are.
Now, we only got to, yeah,
she got fifty six four.
I would hope that you wouldn't mind that
we get together on Sunday.
You're not being radiated, Captain Kirk,
and I don't know what your guys' schedule
is, but I've gone in kind of a...
I have it here where I'm taking the
Shabbat.
I still work fourteen hours,
fourteen hours on the Shabbat,
but my work is focused on translating and
thinking and writing and doing that sort
of thing.
But on on Sunday,
we'll I'd love to be able to do
two programs.
One would be another vlog on the blog.
We did one last Sunday.
And the second would be a second edition
of this where we just jump right into
it.
We don't have the long discussion on the
website and the Hebrew language and the
beauty of the Hebrew language and fonts to
convey it and all that sort of thing
at the beginning of the program.
But I'm going to tell you where this
leads through Isaiah,
and then into is among the most riveting,
appropriate, pertinent.
prophecies ever issued and one that is
instrumental for us today.
Tells us exactly where we stand with
Yahowah and where you need to stand if
you want to join us with Yahowah and
who you ought to avoid like the plague.
It's, you know, as I said,
Blew me away.
Yeah, where it leads in the end,
fifty seven,
after it tells us about the disappearance
during the harvest.
It's so specific to one group of people
that God says that she is a sorceress,
she says she's demonic.
And it says she is a whore.
And that she has a man that works
with her who is completely unreliable.
And that collectively,
because of what they have done,
that he's going to send them to Sheowl.
I've never seen anything that specific
ever.
And it's the longest single rebuke found
anywhere in the Towrah and prophets.
The longest single rebuke is devoted to
this cast of characters.
And I'm sitting here saying, why?
I mean,
they have all the value of navel lint.
I mean, it's...
They're nobodies.
They don't have a single intelligent
thought between them.
I mean,
all they've got is hash tagging my name to
try to parlay off for all the things
we've done over the last twenty four
years.
That's all they do is hashtag my name
and yada yada to draw attention to
themselves, to malign both.
That's all they got.
And why would God be so.
towards them,
where it's the single longest condemnation
found anywhere in the Towrah and Prophets.
But we're going to explore that.
I know why God decided he was going
to do this and why he directed our
attention to it and why it's important for
you to know and where we go from
here as a result of it.
But I thought it was really interesting
since Zona is the term that Yahowah used
for whore and that she's...
called Anon, which is a sorceress,
a demonic woman,
that without even knowing I was going
here.
Leah produced her song last week that's
entitled After This Whore.
And God's not using the term whore as
somebody that is pandering themselves for
sex,
but it's the attitude of a whore that
he is describing.
And
You wouldn't even find that something that
I've never seen anywhere.
You know, God, for the most part,
in the Hebrew language,
is very masculine oriented.
Eighty percent of what we read,
maybe ninety percent is written masculine
with its pronouns.
This whole narrative is written feminine,
singular.
And nothing like it anywhere.
And so you're going to really have your
eyes opened as to what
What God says,
don't you dare do that at this time.
I'm all in here.
This is what we're going to do to
prevail.
And if you want to work against it,
you are in real serious trouble.
So just as he was protective of Dowd
and should be,
just as I am protective of Dowd and
should be,
just as we are protective of our Messiah
and King, as is right to be,
God is also protective of what we're
doing.
Craig, you're the MVP,
the most valuable para,
and you don't mess with,
you don't mess with Yas Cole.
You know, to be the MVP,
the most valuable para,
there's only one of them.
I always tell,
I always used to tell Asher,
she's my favorite dog.
I call Leah all the time.
She's my favorite wife.
So yeah, I am Yahowah's favorite bull.
That is true.
At this point in time,
you just can't get in the way of
his voice.
You just don't do that.
Yeah, don't get in the way.
You don't have to agree.
You can...
oppose this all you want so long as
you don't get in the way.
You don't want to continue to be
religious.
That's your choice.
It's a very bad choice.
It's going to end up very poorly for
you, but you can do that.
You can continue to be political.
You continue to be a conspiratorial,
antisemite, whatever you want to be,
you can continue to be.
That is your choice.
You will endure your consequences.
But if you choose to get in the
way of this message,
and speak against what God's trying to
achieve at this time when he's all in
and everything is dependent upon it with
his people,
it's not going to work out well.
And he actually says that there's a
thousand of the remnant who are at risk
because of this.
Well, that's the...
That's the danger.
You may have to have your box and
we may have to have a reveal on
your box too because there's also a
reference to what's in it.
Good job.
Oh boy.
Well, it's ready.
It's there.
A little surprise for people potentially
because that was somebody that really went
completely off the rails.
And somebody that I don't even know,
but a couple of you here do know
and it's not a pretty picture.
But anyway,
it's an interesting story that he would
bring that up, but he did.
God doesn't miss a trick.
All right.
Well, it is Sunday.
Oh, Sunday, if we could.
That'd be my reference on Sunday.
I would think we could do the vlog
on the blog early since I'm the furthest
east.
And that way it gives Kirk's night up
like at nine o'clock,
eight o'clock in the morning trying to get
ready for a show for us.
Yeah, there we go.
I love it.
We'll do the vlog on the vlog early
on Sunday,
which is just a favorite for me.
I just love that format.
and then we'll um we'll do uh a
continuation of uh this and it returned to
the garden and what its implications are
in Yasha'yah of fifty six four it gives
everybody a chance to ponder it more and
uh and have questions and insights and
contributions to it as we move forward so
we'll plan to do this on Sunday afternoon
thank you everyone may Yahowah bless you
all have a wonderful rest of your shabbat
good day thank you Richie Richie rich man
thank you bro
Thank you, Rich.
Thank you, David.